Regional variations think of employee benefits like different menus and
different restaurants. What's offered varies? A lot by country. Always check
the employee handbook for the full details, quick benefits comparison,
Discovery activity. Here's a snapshot of how benefits can differ. Israel
company covers Insurance costs. Employee pays tax. India offers individual and
family. Insurance plans, UK has a public health care System NHS, plus, private
options, USA, a mix of private public systems Medicare employer Canada,
universal healthcare with extra employer benefits. Dental vision. Imagine this,
your advising a new hire in India. What's the first thing you tell them
about their benefits. Hint Point them to the employee handbook.